hc api: updated possible problems (#3482)
ydb-platform/ydb: ydb/docs/en/core/reference/ydb-sdk/health-check-api.md

* `Pool usage over 90/95/99%`: One of the pools' CPUs is overloaded.
* `System tablet is unresponsive / response time over 1000ms/5000ms`: The system tablet is not responding or it takes too long to respond.
* `Tablets are restarting too often`: Tablets are restarting too often.

> * `Tablets/Followers are dead`: Tablets are not started (or cannot be started).
> * `Node is restarting too often`,
> * `The number of node restarts has increased`: The number of node restarts has exceeded the threshold.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `Tablets/Followers are dead`: Tablets are not running (probably cannot be started).
* `Node is restarting too often`.
* `The number of node restarts has increased`: The number of node restarts has exceeded the threshold.
```
